# NOTICE: An older version of Expo Go needs to be used to demo this project. It must be able to support Expo v42.*.*

# Overview


This is an app made using the React-Native framework. It was a team project entered into a Hackathon competition hosted by Brigham Young University - Idaho in the Fall of 2021. The app functions as an event scheduler with chat features that are loosely implemented at this time. There is account creation that links data to a user using Firebase to host our database.

We used EXPO Go to test our app as we developed it. If you'd like to test what we were able to finish follow the steps below.

## Set Up Your Computer to Host

### 1. Clone the main branch of this repository
### 2. Open a terminal where you cloned the repository
### 3. Run `npm install` in your terminal
  * Make sure you have npm installed!
### 4. Run `npm run` in your terminal
  * This will open up a page on your browser. You will use this later.

## Set Up Your Phone

### 1. Download the EXPO Go app
### 2. Scan the QR code generated by your computer host
  * There should be a big QR code on the page that popped up on your browser.
### 3. Use the app!
  * It will take a little less than a minute to setup on your phone before you can use it.

[Software Demo Video](Link not working currently)

# Development Environment

* Visual Studio Code
* Git
* GitHub
* Javascript
* React Native SDK v42.0.0
* Expo v42.0.5
* Firebase v9.17.1 
* EXPO Go 

# Useful Websites

* [React Native Documentation](https://reactnative.dev/docs/getting-started)
* [Getting Started With VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs)
* [Git Reference Manual](https://git-scm.com/docs)
